README.md, before:

# Nutmeg

An API for your writing.

### Running it

Before running it the first time, install dependencies:

    npm install -g typescript@beta typings webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack
    npm install

(Last I checked, Aug 2016, `typescript@beta` was needed, but it may no longer be beta?)

Then you're ready:

    npm start

and then navigate to <http://localhost:3000>

### Installing new dependencies

- `npm install --save <package>`
- If there are separate typings for this package, install those too, and add them to `tsconfig.json`

You can now load the package in an individual file, e.g. `const lodash = require('lodash')`.

If you want the package to be included in `vendor.bundle.js` (as opposed to with application code in `main.bundle.js`) which you probably do, then do `import '<package>'` in `src/vendor.browser.ts`.

If you need some CSS from the package, find it in `node_modules` and then in `styles` array in `src/app/app.component.ts` you can add the file e.g. `require('toastr/build/toastr.min.css')`. (This is kind of a hack, there should be a better way/place to include CSS, probably some webpack loader to ingest and put in `index.html` head tag.)

Typing jiggery can go in `src/custom-typings.d.ts`.

### Misc notes

- To avoid type errors between Protractor and jQuery (both of which use `$`), you can comment out the two declarations of `$` from the end of `@types/jquery/index.d.ts`. (As a result, we refer to jQuery by `jQuery` not `$`.)

***

Below is the readme from [angular2-webpack-starter](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter) on which the web app architecture is based.

The repo can be added as an additional git remote, and then merged in to apply updates, like so:

```bash
# only need to run this once:
git remote add starter git@github.com:AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# then, whenever you want to merge into current branch:
git fetch starter
git merge starter/master
```


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://angularclass.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1016365/9863762/a84fed4a-5af7-11e5-9dde-d5da01e797e7.png" alt="Webpack and Angular 2" width="500" height="320"/>
  </a>
</p>

# Angular2 Webpack Starter [![Join Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join-brightgreen.svg)](https://angularclass.com/slack-join) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


> An Angular 2 starter kit featuring [Angular 2](https://angular.io) ([Router](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/router/), [Forms](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/forms/),
[Http](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/http/),
[Services](https://gist.github.com/gdi2290/634101fec1671ee12b3e#_follow_@AngularClass_on_twitter),
[Tests](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/test/), [E2E](https://angular.github.io/protractor/#/faq#what-s-the-difference-between-karma-and-protractor-when-do-i-use-which-)), [Material](https://github.com/angular/material2), [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/), [Protractor](https://angular.github.io/protractor/), [Jasmine](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine), [Istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul), [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [@types](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjgjdrR7u_NAhUQ7GMKHXgpC4EQFggnMAI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.npmjs.com%2F~types&usg=AFQjCNG2PFhwEo88JKo12mrw_4d0w1oNiA&sig2=N69zbO0yN8ET7v4KVCUOKA), [TsLint](http://palantir.github.io/tslint/), [Codelyzer](https://github.com/mgechev/codelyzer), [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement-with-webpack.html), and [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) by [AngularClass](https://angularclass.com).

> If you're looking for Angular 1.x please use [NG6-starter](https://github.com/angularclass/NG6-starter)
> If you're looking to learn about Webpack and ES6 Build Tools check out [ES6-build-tools](https://github.com/AngularClass/ES6-build-tools)
> If you're looking to learn TypeScript see [TypeStrong/learn-typescript](https://github.com/TypeStrong/learn-typescript)
> If you're looking for Webpack 2 version then see the experimental version [angular2-webpack2-starter](https://github.com/gdi2290/angular2-webpack2-starter) that will be merged
> If you're looking for something easier to get started with then see the offical angular2-seed that I also maintain [angular/angular2-seed](https://github.com/angular/angular2-seed)
> If you're looking to add Angular 2 Material Design we have a branch [material2](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/tree/material2)

This seed repo serves as an Angular 2 starter for anyone looking to get up and running with Angular 2 and TypeScript fast. Using a [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) for building our files and assisting with boilerplate. We're also using Protractor for our end-to-end story and Karma for our unit tests.
* Best practices in file and application organization for Angular 2.
* Ready to go build system using Webpack for working with TypeScript.
* Angular 2 examples that are ready to go when experimenting with Angular 2.
* A great Angular 2 seed repo for anyone who wants to start their project.
* Testing Angular 2 code with Jasmine and Karma.
* Coverage with Istanbul and Karma
* End-to-end Angular 2 code using Protractor.
* Type manager with @types
* Hot Module Replacement with Webpack
* Material Design with [angular/material2](https://github.com/angular/material2)

### Quick start
**Make sure you have Node version >= 5.0 and NPM >= 3**
> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.ts` inside [`/src/app/app.ts`](/src/app/app.ts)

```bash
# clone our repo
# --depth 1 removes all but one .git commit history
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# change directory to our repo
cd angular2-webpack-starter

# install the repo with npm
npm install

# start the server
npm start

# use Hot Module Replacement
npm run server:dev:hmr

# if you're in China use cnpm
# https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
```
go to [http://0.0.0.0:3000](http://0.0.0.0:3000) or [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

# Table of Contents
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    * [Installing](#installing)
    * [Running the app](#running-the-app)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
* [@Types](#types)
* [Frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
* [Support, Questions, or Feedback](#support-questions-or-feedback)
* [License](#license)


## File Structure
We use the component approach in our starter. This is the new standard for developing Angular apps and a great way to ensure maintainable code by encapsulation of our behavior logic. A component is basically a self contained app usually in a single file or a folder with each concern as a file: style, template, specs, e2e, and component class. Here's how it looks:
```
angular2-webpack-starter/
 ├──config/                    * our configuration
 |   ├──helpers.js             * helper functions for our configuration files
 |   ├──spec-bundle.js         * ignore this magic that sets up our angular 2 testing environment
 |   ├──karma.conf.js          * karma config for our unit tests
 |   ├──protractor.conf.js     * protractor config for our end-to-end tests
 │   ├──webpack.dev.js         * our development webpack config
 │   ├──webpack.prod.js        * our production webpack config
 │   └──webpack.test.js        * our testing webpack config
 │
 ├──src/                       * our source files that will be compiled to javascript
 |   ├──main.browser.ts        * our entry file for our browser environment
 │   │
 |   ├──index.html             * Index.html: where we generate our index page
 │   │
 |   ├──polyfills.ts           * our polyfills file
 │   │
 |   ├──vendor.ts              * our vendor file
 │   │
 │   ├──app/                   * WebApp: folder
 │   │   ├──app.spec.ts        * a simple test of components in app.ts
 │   │   ├──app.e2e.ts         * a simple end-to-end test for /
 │   │   └──app.ts             * App.ts: a simple version of our App component components
 │   │
 │   └──assets/                * static assets are served here
 │       ├──icon/              * our list of icons from www.favicon-generator.org
 │       ├──service-worker.js  * ignore this. Web App service worker that's not complete yet
 │       ├──robots.txt         * for search engines to crawl your website
 │       └──human.txt          * for humans to know who the developers are
 │
 │
 ├──tslint.json                * typescript lint config
 ├──typedoc.json               * typescript documentation generator
 ├──tsconfig.json              * config that webpack uses for typescript
 ├──package.json               * what npm uses to manage it's dependencies
 └──webpack.config.js          * webpack main configuration file

```

# Getting Started
## Dependencies
What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (`brew install node`)
* Ensure you're running the latest versions Node `v4.x.x`+ (or `v5.x.x`) and NPM `3.x.x`+

Once you have those, you should install these globals with `npm install --global`:
* `webpack` (`npm install --global webpack`)
* `webpack-dev-server` (`npm install --global webpack-dev-server`)
* `karma` (`npm install --global karma-cli`)
* `protractor` (`npm install --global protractor`)
* `typescript` (`npm install --global typescript`)

## Installing
* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack -g` to install required global dependencies
* `npm install` to install all dependencies
* `npm run server` to start the dev server in another tab

## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production
npm run build:prod
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# make sure you have your server running in another terminal
npm run e2e
```

### run webdriver (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:update
npm run webdriver:start
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:start
# in another terminal
npm run e2e:live
```

# Configuration
Configuration files live in `config/` we are currently using webpack, karma, and protractor for different stages of your application

# TypeScript
> To take full advantage of TypeScript with autocomplete you would have to install it globally and use an editor with the correct TypeScript plugins.

## Use latest TypeScript compiler
TypeScript 1.7.x includes everything you need. Make sure to upgrade, even if you installed TypeScript previously.

```
npm install --global typescript
```

## Use a TypeScript-aware editor
We have good experience using these editors:

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Webstorm 10](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/)
* [Atom](https://atom.io/) with [TypeScript plugin](https://atom.io/packages/atom-typescript)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3) with [Typescript-Sublime-Plugin](https://github.com/Microsoft/Typescript-Sublime-plugin#installation)

# Types
> When you include a module that doesn't include Type Definitions inside of the module you can include external Type Definitions with @types

## Custom Type Definitions
When including 3rd party modules you also need to include the type definition for the module
if they don't provide one within the module. You can try to install it with @types

```
npm install @types/node
npm install @types/lodash
```

If you can't find the type definition in the registry we can make an ambient definition in
this file for now. For example

```typescript
declare module "my-module" {
  export function doesSomething(value: string): string;
}
```


If you're prototyping and you will fix the types later you can also declare it as type any

```typescript
declare var assert: any;
declare var _: any;
declare var $: any;
```

If you're importing a module that uses Node.js modules which are CommonJS you need to import as

```typescript
import * as _ from 'lodash';
```


# Frequently asked questions
* What's the current browser support for Angular 2 Beta?
  * Please view the updated list of [browser support for Angular 2](https://github.com/angularclass/awesome-angular2#current-browser-support-for-angular-2)
* Why is my service, aka provider, is not injecting parameter correctly?
  * Please use `@Injectable()` for your service for typescript to correctly attach the metadata (this is a TypeScript problem)
* How do I run protractor with node 0.12.x?
  * please check out this repo to use the old version of protractor [#146](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/146/files)
* Where do I write my tests?
  * You can write your tests next to your component files. See [`/src/app/home/home.spec.ts`](/src/app/home/home.spec.ts)
* How do I start the app when I get `EACCES` and `EADDRINUSE` errors?
  * The `EADDRINUSE` error means the port `3000` is currently being used and `EACCES` is lack of permission for webpack to build files to `./dist/`
* How to use `sass` for css?
 * `loaders: ['raw-loader','sass-loader']` and `@Component({ styles: [ require('./filename.scss') ] })` see issue [#136](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/136)
* How do I test a Service?
 * See issue [#130](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/130#issuecomment-158872648)
* How do I add `vscode-chrome-debug` support?
 * The VS Code chrome debug extension support can be done via `launch.json` see issue [#144](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/144#issuecomment-164063790)
* How do I make the repo work in a virtual machine?
 * You need to use `0.0.0.0` so revert these changes [#205](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/205/files)
* What are the naming conventions for Angular 2?
 * please see issue [#185](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/185) and PR [196](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/196)
* How do I include bootstrap or jQuery?
 * please see issue [#215](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/215) and [#214](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/214#event-511768416)
* How do I async load a component?
 * see wiki [How-do-I-async-load-a-component-with-AsyncRoute](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/wiki/How-do-I-async-load-a-component-with-AsyncRoute)
* Error: Cannot find module 'tapable'
 * Remove `node_modules/` and run `npm cache clean` then `npm install`
* What about Webpack 2?
 * If you're looking for Webpack 2 version then see the [experimental version](https://github.com/gdi2290/angular2-webpack2-starter) that will be merged soon.
* How do I turn on Hot Module Replacement
 * Run `npm run server:dev:hmr`
* `RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded`
 * This is a problem with minifying Angular 2 and it's recent JIT templates. If you set `mangle` to `false` then you should be good.
* Why is the size of my app larger in development?
 * We are using inline source-maps and hot module replacement which will increase the bundle size.
* If you're in China
 * check out https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
* If you're looking to add Angular 2 Material Design
 * check out the [material2](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/tree/material2) branch
* node-pre-gyp ERR in npm install (Windows)
 * install Python x86 version between 2.5 and 3.0 on windows see issue [#626](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/626)
* `Error:Error: Parse tsconfig error [{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'lib'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'strictNullChecks'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'baseUrl'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'paths'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'types'.","category":1,"code":5023}]`
 * remove `node_modules/typescript` and run `npm install typescript@beta`. This repo now uses ts 2.0 

# Support, Questions, or Feedback
> Contact us anytime for anything about this repo or Angular 2

* [Chat: AngularClass.slack](http://angularclass.com/member-join/)
* [Twitter: @AngularClass](https://twitter.com/AngularClass)
* [Gitter: AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter](https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter)

# Quick Start Guides

## Nitrous

You can quickly create a free development environment to get started using this
starter kit in the cloud on [Nitrous](https://www.nitrous.io/):

<a href="https://www.nitrous.io/quickstart?repo=https://github.com/nitrous-io/angular2-webpack-starter">
  <img src="https://nitrous-image-icons.s3.amazonaws.com/quickstart.png" alt="Nitrous Quickstart" width=142 height=34>
</a>

Simply run `HOST=0.0.0.0 npm start` from the terminal inside of
`~/code/angular2-webpack-starter` and access your site via the "Preview > 3000"
link in the IDE.
___

enjoy — **AngularClass**

<br><br>

[![AngularClass](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1016365/9863770/cb0620fc-5af7-11e5-89df-d4b0b2cdfc43.png  "Angular Class")](https://angularclass.com)
##[AngularClass](https://angularclass.com)
> Learn AngularJS, Angular 2, and Modern Web Development from the best.
> Looking for corporate Angular training, want to host us, or Angular consulting? patrick@angularclass.com

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Build: Load vendor CSS as SASS import

README.md, after:

# Nutmeg

An API for your writing.

### Running it

Before running it the first time, install dependencies:

    npm install -g typescript@beta typings webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack
    npm install

(Last I checked, Aug 2016, `typescript@beta` was needed, but it may no longer be beta?)

Then you're ready:

    npm start

and then navigate to <http://localhost:3000>

### Installing new dependencies

- `npm install --save <package>`
- If there are separate typings for this package, install those too, and add them to `tsconfig.json`

You can now load the package in an individual file, e.g. `const lodash = require('lodash')`.

If you want the package to be included in `vendor.bundle.js` (as opposed to with application code in `main.bundle.js`) which you probably do, then do `import '<package>'` in `src/vendor.browser.ts`.

If you need some CSS from the package, this is a bit of a hack but what you can do is find it in `node_modules` and then in symlink to it from `src/assets/styles/vendor` (symlink should have the extension `.scss`). (There should be a better way/place to include CSS, probably some webpack loader to ingest and put in `index.html` head tag so we could `require(<css file>)` in `vendor.bundle.js` or something.)

Typing jiggery can go in `src/custom-typings.d.ts`.

### Misc notes

- To avoid type errors between Protractor and jQuery (both of which use `$`), you can comment out the two declarations of `$` from the end of `@types/jquery/index.d.ts`. (As a result, we refer to jQuery by `jQuery` not `$`.)

***

Below is the readme from [angular2-webpack-starter](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter) on which the web app architecture is based.

The repo can be added as an additional git remote, and then merged in to apply updates, like so:

```bash
# only need to run this once:
git remote add starter git@github.com:AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# then, whenever you want to merge into current branch:
git fetch starter
git merge starter/master
```


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://angularclass.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1016365/9863762/a84fed4a-5af7-11e5-9dde-d5da01e797e7.png" alt="Webpack and Angular 2" width="500" height="320"/>
  </a>
</p>

# Angular2 Webpack Starter [![Join Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join-brightgreen.svg)](https://angularclass.com/slack-join) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


> An Angular 2 starter kit featuring [Angular 2](https://angular.io) ([Router](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/router/), [Forms](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/forms/),
[Http](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/http/),
[Services](https://gist.github.com/gdi2290/634101fec1671ee12b3e#_follow_@AngularClass_on_twitter),
[Tests](https://angular.io/docs/js/latest/api/test/), [E2E](https://angular.github.io/protractor/#/faq#what-s-the-difference-between-karma-and-protractor-when-do-i-use-which-)), [Material](https://github.com/angular/material2), [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/), [Protractor](https://angular.github.io/protractor/), [Jasmine](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine), [Istanbul](https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul), [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [@types](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjgjdrR7u_NAhUQ7GMKHXgpC4EQFggnMAI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.npmjs.com%2F~types&usg=AFQjCNG2PFhwEo88JKo12mrw_4d0w1oNiA&sig2=N69zbO0yN8ET7v4KVCUOKA), [TsLint](http://palantir.github.io/tslint/), [Codelyzer](https://github.com/mgechev/codelyzer), [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement-with-webpack.html), and [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) by [AngularClass](https://angularclass.com).

> If you're looking for Angular 1.x please use [NG6-starter](https://github.com/angularclass/NG6-starter)
> If you're looking to learn about Webpack and ES6 Build Tools check out [ES6-build-tools](https://github.com/AngularClass/ES6-build-tools)
> If you're looking to learn TypeScript see [TypeStrong/learn-typescript](https://github.com/TypeStrong/learn-typescript)
> If you're looking for Webpack 2 version then see the experimental version [angular2-webpack2-starter](https://github.com/gdi2290/angular2-webpack2-starter) that will be merged
> If you're looking for something easier to get started with then see the offical angular2-seed that I also maintain [angular/angular2-seed](https://github.com/angular/angular2-seed)
> If you're looking to add Angular 2 Material Design we have a branch [material2](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/tree/material2)

This seed repo serves as an Angular 2 starter for anyone looking to get up and running with Angular 2 and TypeScript fast. Using a [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) for building our files and assisting with boilerplate. We're also using Protractor for our end-to-end story and Karma for our unit tests.
* Best practices in file and application organization for Angular 2.
* Ready to go build system using Webpack for working with TypeScript.
* Angular 2 examples that are ready to go when experimenting with Angular 2.
* A great Angular 2 seed repo for anyone who wants to start their project.
* Testing Angular 2 code with Jasmine and Karma.
* Coverage with Istanbul and Karma
* End-to-end Angular 2 code using Protractor.
* Type manager with @types
* Hot Module Replacement with Webpack
* Material Design with [angular/material2](https://github.com/angular/material2)

### Quick start
**Make sure you have Node version >= 5.0 and NPM >= 3**
> Clone/Download the repo then edit `app.ts` inside [`/src/app/app.ts`](/src/app/app.ts)

```bash
# clone our repo
# --depth 1 removes all but one .git commit history
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter.git

# change directory to our repo
cd angular2-webpack-starter

# install the repo with npm
npm install

# start the server
npm start

# use Hot Module Replacement
npm run server:dev:hmr

# if you're in China use cnpm
# https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
```
go to [http://0.0.0.0:3000](http://0.0.0.0:3000) or [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

# Table of Contents
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    * [Installing](#installing)
    * [Running the app](#running-the-app)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
* [@Types](#types)
* [Frequently asked questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
* [Support, Questions, or Feedback](#support-questions-or-feedback)
* [License](#license)


## File Structure
We use the component approach in our starter. This is the new standard for developing Angular apps and a great way to ensure maintainable code by encapsulation of our behavior logic. A component is basically a self contained app usually in a single file or a folder with each concern as a file: style, template, specs, e2e, and component class. Here's how it looks:
```
angular2-webpack-starter/
 ├──config/                    * our configuration
 |   ├──helpers.js             * helper functions for our configuration files
 |   ├──spec-bundle.js         * ignore this magic that sets up our angular 2 testing environment
 |   ├──karma.conf.js          * karma config for our unit tests
 |   ├──protractor.conf.js     * protractor config for our end-to-end tests
 │   ├──webpack.dev.js         * our development webpack config
 │   ├──webpack.prod.js        * our production webpack config
 │   └──webpack.test.js        * our testing webpack config
 │
 ├──src/                       * our source files that will be compiled to javascript
 |   ├──main.browser.ts        * our entry file for our browser environment
 │   │
 |   ├──index.html             * Index.html: where we generate our index page
 │   │
 |   ├──polyfills.ts           * our polyfills file
 │   │
 |   ├──vendor.ts              * our vendor file
 │   │
 │   ├──app/                   * WebApp: folder
 │   │   ├──app.spec.ts        * a simple test of components in app.ts
 │   │   ├──app.e2e.ts         * a simple end-to-end test for /
 │   │   └──app.ts             * App.ts: a simple version of our App component components
 │   │
 │   └──assets/                * static assets are served here
 │       ├──icon/              * our list of icons from www.favicon-generator.org
 │       ├──service-worker.js  * ignore this. Web App service worker that's not complete yet
 │       ├──robots.txt         * for search engines to crawl your website
 │       └──human.txt          * for humans to know who the developers are
 │
 │
 ├──tslint.json                * typescript lint config
 ├──typedoc.json               * typescript documentation generator
 ├──tsconfig.json              * config that webpack uses for typescript
 ├──package.json               * what npm uses to manage it's dependencies
 └──webpack.config.js          * webpack main configuration file

```

# Getting Started
## Dependencies
What you need to run this app:
* `node` and `npm` (`brew install node`)
* Ensure you're running the latest versions Node `v4.x.x`+ (or `v5.x.x`) and NPM `3.x.x`+

Once you have those, you should install these globals with `npm install --global`:
* `webpack` (`npm install --global webpack`)
* `webpack-dev-server` (`npm install --global webpack-dev-server`)
* `karma` (`npm install --global karma-cli`)
* `protractor` (`npm install --global protractor`)
* `typescript` (`npm install --global typescript`)

## Installing
* `fork` this repo
* `clone` your fork
* `npm install webpack-dev-server rimraf webpack -g` to install required global dependencies
* `npm install` to install all dependencies
* `npm run server` to start the dev server in another tab

## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production
npm run build:prod
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# make sure you have your server running in another terminal
npm run e2e
```

### run webdriver (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:update
npm run webdriver:start
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:start
# in another terminal
npm run e2e:live
```

# Configuration
Configuration files live in `config/` we are currently using webpack, karma, and protractor for different stages of your application

# TypeScript
> To take full advantage of TypeScript with autocomplete you would have to install it globally and use an editor with the correct TypeScript plugins.

## Use latest TypeScript compiler
TypeScript 1.7.x includes everything you need. Make sure to upgrade, even if you installed TypeScript previously.

```
npm install --global typescript
```

## Use a TypeScript-aware editor
We have good experience using these editors:

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Webstorm 10](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/)
* [Atom](https://atom.io/) with [TypeScript plugin](https://atom.io/packages/atom-typescript)
* [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/3) with [Typescript-Sublime-Plugin](https://github.com/Microsoft/Typescript-Sublime-plugin#installation)

# Types
> When you include a module that doesn't include Type Definitions inside of the module you can include external Type Definitions with @types

## Custom Type Definitions
When including 3rd party modules you also need to include the type definition for the module
if they don't provide one within the module. You can try to install it with @types

```
npm install @types/node
npm install @types/lodash
```

If you can't find the type definition in the registry we can make an ambient definition in
this file for now. For example

```typescript
declare module "my-module" {
  export function doesSomething(value: string): string;
}
```


If you're prototyping and you will fix the types later you can also declare it as type any

```typescript
declare var assert: any;
declare var _: any;
declare var $: any;
```

If you're importing a module that uses Node.js modules which are CommonJS you need to import as

```typescript
import * as _ from 'lodash';
```


# Frequently asked questions
* What's the current browser support for Angular 2 Beta?
  * Please view the updated list of [browser support for Angular 2](https://github.com/angularclass/awesome-angular2#current-browser-support-for-angular-2)
* Why is my service, aka provider, is not injecting parameter correctly?
  * Please use `@Injectable()` for your service for typescript to correctly attach the metadata (this is a TypeScript problem)
* How do I run protractor with node 0.12.x?
  * please check out this repo to use the old version of protractor [#146](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/146/files)
* Where do I write my tests?
  * You can write your tests next to your component files. See [`/src/app/home/home.spec.ts`](/src/app/home/home.spec.ts)
* How do I start the app when I get `EACCES` and `EADDRINUSE` errors?
  * The `EADDRINUSE` error means the port `3000` is currently being used and `EACCES` is lack of permission for webpack to build files to `./dist/`
* How to use `sass` for css?
 * `loaders: ['raw-loader','sass-loader']` and `@Component({ styles: [ require('./filename.scss') ] })` see issue [#136](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/136)
* How do I test a Service?
 * See issue [#130](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/130#issuecomment-158872648)
* How do I add `vscode-chrome-debug` support?
 * The VS Code chrome debug extension support can be done via `launch.json` see issue [#144](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/144#issuecomment-164063790)
* How do I make the repo work in a virtual machine?
 * You need to use `0.0.0.0` so revert these changes [#205](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/205/files)
* What are the naming conventions for Angular 2?
 * please see issue [#185](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/185) and PR [196](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/pull/196)
* How do I include bootstrap or jQuery?
 * please see issue [#215](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/215) and [#214](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/214#event-511768416)
* How do I async load a component?
 * see wiki [How-do-I-async-load-a-component-with-AsyncRoute](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/wiki/How-do-I-async-load-a-component-with-AsyncRoute)
* Error: Cannot find module 'tapable'
 * Remove `node_modules/` and run `npm cache clean` then `npm install`
* What about Webpack 2?
 * If you're looking for Webpack 2 version then see the [experimental version](https://github.com/gdi2290/angular2-webpack2-starter) that will be merged soon.
* How do I turn on Hot Module Replacement
 * Run `npm run server:dev:hmr`
* `RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded`
 * This is a problem with minifying Angular 2 and it's recent JIT templates. If you set `mangle` to `false` then you should be good.
* Why is the size of my app larger in development?
 * We are using inline source-maps and hot module replacement which will increase the bundle size.
* If you're in China
 * check out https://github.com/cnpm/cnpm
* If you're looking to add Angular 2 Material Design
 * check out the [material2](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/tree/material2) branch
* node-pre-gyp ERR in npm install (Windows)
 * install Python x86 version between 2.5 and 3.0 on windows see issue [#626](https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/issues/626)
* `Error:Error: Parse tsconfig error [{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'lib'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'strictNullChecks'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'baseUrl'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'paths'.","category":1,"code":5023},{"messageText":"Unknown compiler option 'types'.","category":1,"code":5023}]`
 * remove `node_modules/typescript` and run `npm install typescript@beta`. This repo now uses ts 2.0 

# Support, Questions, or Feedback
> Contact us anytime for anything about this repo or Angular 2

* [Chat: AngularClass.slack](http://angularclass.com/member-join/)
* [Twitter: @AngularClass](https://twitter.com/AngularClass)
* [Gitter: AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter](https://gitter.im/angularclass/angular2-webpack-starter)

# Quick Start Guides

## Nitrous

You can quickly create a free development environment to get started using this
starter kit in the cloud on [Nitrous](https://www.nitrous.io/):

<a href="https://www.nitrous.io/quickstart?repo=https://github.com/nitrous-io/angular2-webpack-starter">
  <img src="https://nitrous-image-icons.s3.amazonaws.com/quickstart.png" alt="Nitrous Quickstart" width=142 height=34>
</a>

Simply run `HOST=0.0.0.0 npm start` from the terminal inside of
`~/code/angular2-webpack-starter` and access your site via the "Preview > 3000"
link in the IDE.
___

enjoy — **AngularClass**

<br><br>

[![AngularClass](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1016365/9863770/cb0620fc-5af7-11e5-89df-d4b0b2cdfc43.png  "Angular Class")](https://angularclass.com)
##[AngularClass](https://angularclass.com)
> Learn AngularJS, Angular 2, and Modern Web Development from the best.
> Looking for corporate Angular training, want to host us, or Angular consulting? patrick@angularclass.com

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)
